Get out of here, don't make me do it
Don't do it
Why are you throwing me something?
Hello
Inscription You are fired
From tomorrow you will never come to work again
Manager me
What did I do wrong?
Why did you fire me for no reason?
Why are you so unlucky recently?
Job gone
The house is also not allowed
Mom is making a soft meal with you
Boyfriend broke up
Why did you still snatch it back with ashes on your face?
Divided mom
I haven't found a job recently
Can you stay at home for a while?
Do you have any money?
Eat and drink for free at home
You have to pay for your living expenses
The house is mine
You shouldn't collect the living expenses, right?
Grandma, you are back.
Mom, just get used to him
What's the use of your girl movie?
It's not a home yet
Why don't you leave the money to Minghui to collect the bride price?
Maybe you can sign up for life earlier
Just Minghui's unsatisfactory thing
If you have money, go out to eat, drink and gamble
I might as well give it to him and do charity myself
you
Well, anyway, your family does not raise idlers
You will go back to the hotel tomorrow to deliver the goods.
A little.
You are at home, just live well
No one can kick you out
Grandma thank you
What did the silly child's family say to thank you?
Give me to me and do it well
Hello, where is the back kitchen?
Oh, later.
Don't worry, why don't we get to know each other?
I am Zhao Luo
What are you doing?